releases: add TiDB 4.0.1 release notes (#2816)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-4.0.1.md

    - Support setting a custom timeout for PD client [#2509](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2509)

+ TiFlash

    - Support the TiDB new collation framework
    - Support pushing down the `If`/`BitAnd/BitOr`/`BitXor/BitNot`/`Json_length` functions to TiFlash
    - Support the Resolve Lock logic for large transactions in TiFlash

+ Tools

    - Backup & Restore (BR)

        - Add a version check when starting BR to avoid the issue that BR and the TiDB cluster are incompatible [#311](https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/311)

## Bug Fixes

+ TiKV

    - Fix the issue that the `use-unified-pool` configuration in the startup log is incorrectly printed [#7946](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/7946)
    - Fix the issue that the tikv-ctl does not support relative path [#7963](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/7963)
    - Fix the bug that the monitoring metric of Point Selects is inaccurate [#8033](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8033)
    - Fix the issue that a peer might not be destroyed after the network isolation disappears [#8006](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8006)

>     - Fix the issue that a `read index` request might be outdated [#8043](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8043)

Reviewer: The translation is wrong. It should be "Fix the issue that a read index request may get out-of-date commit index."

https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8043

Author: @overvenus PTAL
```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that a read index request might get outdated commit index [#8043](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8043)
```
